Noble man, this is the new soda brewed by the slave
Uh Qin Guiren
Uh, soda must be kept sealed
The taste will be better
I know.
Go down and receive the reward
Thank you
This voice stops
Yeah, turn around.
It's over. It's over.
The emperor arrives
See the emperor
Get up
Your Majesty, you are just in time
The concubine specially brewed it
The soda you want
It's really a brew
Of course!
Quickly taste the craftsmanship of the concubine
Ah, my lord
Emperor
You take ice water
Your Majesty, go get ice water, no?
Be quick, please!
The emperor comes
Okay, you Qin Guiren
Brew this thing to poison the emperor
Do you not want to live?
Concubine dare not
concubine
In the end, did you brew it?
This soda was delivered by a slave named Xiao Xingzi
It's her fault
Yes, it's a new girl.
Young
It's pretty fresh.
Ok you little star
You finally showed up